today we're here the land a guru North
Wales and basically the idea was just to
sort you know do a competition along
with mercedes vito and and just off put
out an assitant ride day you notice if
people could enter and and then be
chosen to just come on the right day and
just hang out and do a lap of the
cross-country track and yeah just sort
of get to know each other and and just
to give something back to the guys have
supported us you know throughout the
year to our racing and yeah so it was
pretty cool well i think you know some
of them aren't down about some of them
on Giroux bikes and cross-country bike
so it's quite a mixed routine and i'm
sure there's a fixed abilities there as
well so just going to be a good photo ID
and yeah the weather's holding out and
face but alone so it should be a should
be good there
I've just got back from the from a ride
round the blue route which is the
easiest the group kind of split up a bit
I took some guys around a bit of a
gentler route it was it was still good
though there's like a lot of a lot of
berms and jumps and no crashes and a few
close calls I think I think they were
they were kind of pushing on and going
as quick as they could say there are a
few a few sketchy moments but now they
rode really well well we just got back
off the right now and everyone's nakid
you know is that it was a hard day and
some tough climbs but we had a lot of
fun you know again racing down and
trying out different lines and stuff so
I think we're just going to have some
lunch and relax a little bit have a chat
you know me watch some videos and yeah
just see if we can do we can have fun
make some friends
really absolutely superb knackering but
yeah brilliant they absolutely enjoyed
it love it an amazing day and I was a
complete gibbering wreck at the start of
the day and I've had so much fun G
completely put our minds at ease I mean
this really nice with this they say is
just it's a pleasure to actually watch
common and writers at that level and
just even just watching me look best
part the day was the down a little bit
on just a social atmosphere just been
out coming from having a laugh get wet
game muddy
so the athletic experience day is all
wrapped up now guys guys really
impressed me some really good riders
came along really enjoy myself
everyone's exhausted now so time to head
home and thanks a lot to the guys at vo
sport for putting on such a good day
cheers guys
you